[AQUA sneezes]
So cold!
I can't believe I pawned
my gorgeous, warm coat.
Oh no! The fire!
There!
The hell do you think
you're doing?
Give me back my tracksuit!
This is the only reminder
I have of Japan,
and you're trying to burn it!
The fire was going out!
It's the only thing
we have left to burn!
What about your scarf?!
It'd burn way better
than my poor tracksuit!
Let go of it,
you shut-in NEET!
Why don't you do something?!
Breathe on me, hug me,
warm me up!
[wind gusting]
[screams]
No, don't die!
[blowing]
[sobbing]
I can't go on like this.
We have to do something.
[KAZUMA] Our party
was anything but balanced.
So today, I was on the hunt
for a skill
I could use
as my main weapon.
Well, here we are.
Listen up.
I'm only gonna say this once,
behave yourself in there,
you got it?
Who do you think
you're talking to?!
I am always perfectly behaved,
thank you!
Really! Do I look like
some kind of low-life thug?
Hello, I'm a goddess,
you moron!
Hey! Don't you walk away
from me!
Be grateful a goddess
like me even speaks to you!
Please, come--
[screams]
You?!
[grunts]
Come here, you undead tramp!
Who said you could open
a shop in my town?!
How come I have to sleep
in a stable every night?
Where'd you get the money
to open this place?!
What, you think
you're better than me?! Huh?!
By the gods,
I'll burn this place
to the ground with you--
-[clang]
-Ow!
-[WIZ] Kazuma!
-[AQUA whining]
Howdy, Wiz. How you been?
[KAZUMA/AQUA]
KonoSuba.
[pouting]
Are you going to serve some tea
or just stand there?
Oh! Right. I'm sorry!
I-I'll bring some
right away!
-[glass shatters]
-[Wiz yelps]
Still as klutzy as ever.
[bubbling]
[KAZUMA]
So, this here's Wiz.
She looks human,
but she's really a lich.
She's a type of undead ruler
they call a "No-Life King,"
which, yeah, sounds weird.
Even though she's a lich,
she's pretty sweet.
She'd go to the graveyard
and help lost souls
get to Heaven.
We bumped into her there,
and Aqua was gonna kill her.
But I talked her out of it,
and we promised Wiz
that Aqua would take over
her duties.
I hope you like it.
[slurps]
Yum!
How is it
an undead can have
a shop here
and have nice, warm tea
while the rest of us
live in stables?
I know, I'm sorry!
Someone like me
shouldn't be afforded
such luxuries!
Look, I'm warning you,
quit being a brat to her!
Hey, Wiz? I got some
spare points here.
Could you please
teach me a skill?
-[spits]
-Ugh!
What in the hell
are you saying?!
Have you completely
lost your mind?!
There's no way
a goddess is going
to let her servant
learn lich skills!
Yo, I'm not your servant!
Look here,
liches are icky.
They love dank, gloomy places
like crypts and dungeons.
I mean,
when you think about it,
they're pretty much
the same as slugs!
Hey, that's mean!
Who cares?
it's not every day
a person gets
to learn skills from a lich.
The whole point in learning 'em
is to give us
a leg up on quests,
so it's totally worth it.
-Hold on.
-Hm?
Just now, she said
she was a goddess.
-Uh--
-Uh-huh!
I am Aqua.
The goddess Aqua!
Worshipped by
the Religious Order of Axis.
Renounce your evil ways, Lich!
[whimpering]
It's okay, Wiz. There's nothing
to be scared about.
No, there is!
The Axis sect is filled
with crazy people and,
and everyone knows
they should be avoided.
So, if she's
the one they worship,
she must be even more insane
than her followers!
[seething]
Why, you rotten--
Take it back!
Take it back now!
I'm gonna rip--
[KAZUMA]
This is going nowhere.
[AQUA]
KonoSuba!
Mmm!
Oh, by the way,
I heard how you
and your party defeated Verdia.
You know,
he was quite the swordsman.
Why, even among
the other generals,
his skills were second
to none.
I'm shocked you beat him.
Do all you undead folks
know each other,
'cause it sounds to me
like you knew him.
Well, to tell you
the truth,
I'm one of the eight generals
of the Devil King.
-Gotcha!
-[yelps]
Wait, Lady Aqua! Please!
I can explain!
Don't do anything hasty!
Please, listen!
Phew! I did it, I got her!
Now I can pay off
all my debts!
I might even get
some change back!
Come on, Aqua, ease up.
We should hear
what she's got to say.
Sorry about this
but if what you say is true,
we can't ignore it.
If you're with the Devil King,
you're a threat to us.
No, I'm not!
I maintain the magic barrier
that protects the
Devil King's castle, is all!
I've never hurt anyone, so I can
barely be considered a general!
In fact, I'm so harmless,
no one's even bothered
to put a bounty on me!
[BOTH]
Uh...
[BOTH sigh]
Can't be too careful
with the undead,
so I'll kill you
just to be safe.
Please, Lady Aqua!
Have mercy!
[AQUA]
Ko!
[KAZUMA]
No-Su-Ba?!
So let me get this straight.
You're saying, even if we kill
the Devil King's other generals,
we can't get
into his castle?
Yes, that's right!
There's no way you could!
You wouldn't get
through the barrier!
Even though I'm one
of his generals,
I love my shop
and my life here.
All he wanted was for me
to maintain the barrier
and keep my identity
a secret.
Uh-huh. So basically, as long
as you're still alive,
humans can't invade
his castle.
Yeah. Kazuma,
let's kill this lich.
No, don't!
Please, I beg you!
Don't kill me yet. Let me live
a little while longer!
I still have so much left
to do before I go.
Huh! If I let you live, I'm sure
I could break your barrier.
But it would be so much easier
if I killed you.
No! Please, don't!
-Hold your horses.
-[AQUA] Hmm?
No one's killing anyone,
'cause even if the barrier
was gone,
we're not ready to take down
the Devil King yet.
We'd all just get
our heads cut off.
Humph, fine, whatever.
Th-thank you so much
for sparing me!
Are you cool with us?
Even though we,
you know, killed Verdia?
Oh, I don't have
a problem with you,
if I understand you correctly.
He and I weren't very close.
Whenever he'd see me...
-[VERDIA] Whoopsie!
-[helmet clanking]
[laughing]
-My head slipped!
-[WIZ gasps]
[laughing]
[WIZ] ...he'd roll his head
down the hall at me
and peek up my skirt.
For a Dullahan,
he could be so childish.
[VERDIA]
Strike, baby! Whoo!
Don't worry.
Even though I'm one
of the undead,
my heart is still
very much human.
This half's my half!
If you're ready,
I'd be happy
to teach you
one of my skills now.
It's the least I can do
to repay you
for having mercy on me
at the cemetery.
-Wait.
-Wait for what?
Um, I'll need someone
to stand in for an opponent,
so I can show you
how it's done.
What do you say, Aqua?
You wanna help us out with this?
Yeah, sure.
But I wanna know what skill
this undead wants
to use on me first.
Oh I, um, I wanted
to show him "Drain Touch."
It's a skill that absorbs
an opponent's health
and magical energy
and lets the user
transfer them
to anyone they want.
That sounds awesome.
And depending on how I use it,
it might even pick up the slack
in our party's lack
of firepower.
I-I won't take much energy
from you!
Just a little bit, I promise!
Hmm?
Oh, whatever. You can take
as much as you want.
Be my guest.
[KAZUMA]
So, uh,
who's supposed to be
the bad guy here again?
O-okay.
H-here we go, then.
Oh, wait,
something's not right.
Oh no, is everything okay?
Is the big, bad lich having
a hard time absorbing?
What's going on?
Ow!
What's your problem, Kazuma?!
Can't you see
there's a battle between
a lich and a goddess
over here!
I can't let her take my energy
without a fight!
We don't got all day,
so quit being an ass
and let her drain you.
[AQUA]
Ko!
[KAZUMA]
NoSuba!
Here goes.
[gasps]
I can't wait
to try this out!
-[WIZ] U-um, Lady Aqua?
--Uh--
I'm done using my skill,
so you can let go
of my hand now.
To tell you the truth,
when you touch me,
it sort of makes
my hand tingle,
so it would be great
if you could let go of it!
[giggles]
[WIZ]
Lady Aqua...
Don't do that.
It's making my hand burn!
No, please don't!
I'll disappear, I'll disappear!
-I don't want to disappear!
-Ow!
Why you gotta be such
a big bully? Leave her alone!
[sighs]
You're such a meanie!
[KAZUMA]
I hate to say this, Wiz,
but I can sorta see
through you now.
-[door opens]
-[MAN] Sorry for barging in!
I need your help, Lady Wiz!
[WIZ]
KonoSuba!
[gate clanking]
Well, this is it.
This'll do.
Oh yes! This will do nicely!
This is a perfect home
for a goddess of my caliber.
It's big. I heard it used
to belong to some aristocrat.
The landlord is
certainly generous,
letting us live here
after we have exorcized
the evil spirits from it.
You know what I found out?
Wiz has this rep
for being a great mage.
If someone's got a problem
with a ghost,
they go talk to her.
This big, warm house
is our ticket
to surviving
this freezing winter!
Exorcizing a couple of ghosts
will be a cinch for me.
They are good as gone!
But the dude said
whenever others tried
to exorcize this place,
it never worked.
The ghosts kept coming back.
Right, but I'm both
a goddess
and an arch-priest,
so this time
it'll be different!
I'm an all-around
anti-undead expert!
[inhales deeply]
Hmm!
[ALL]
Aah!
Yes! I see it clear now!
There was a child.
She was the product
of a casual affair
between the lord
of this house and a maid.
To avoid scandal,
she was locked up here.
-[ALL groan]
-[AQUA] The lord was a frail man
who died from
some mysterious illness,
and the maid disappeared
soon after.
Their child lived alone
in this empty mansion,
wandering the halls,
until she, too, died--
Sounds to me like
someone's read
way too many gothic
romance novels.
[hooting]
[sighs]
I think that's enough cleaning
for one day.
We each picked out our rooms,
our bags have been unpacked.
Now, to wait for the ghost.
How about we let some
fresh air in this place.
...Anna Filante Estheroid
and her favorite things
were her dolls
and listening to stories about
adventurers and their journeys.
No, we're not dealing
with an evil spirit here,
just a lonely girl.
Oh wait! She liked
playing grown-up in life
and misses doing that
most of all!
We should break out
the liquor and offer--
Yeah, I'm pretty tired, so I
think I'm gonna hit the sack.
If you guys see
any ghosts around, holler!
Good night!
[sighs]
Aw, yeah! I love having
my own room again!
I bet by morning,
all the ghosts will be gone.
Aqua's not the type to let
some evil spirit screw around
in her house.
She'd kick their ass out
before they could say, "boo".
She's an arch-priest
and a goddess, after all!
- [AQUA screams]
-What the--
Aqua! What's wrong?
What happened? Are you okay?!
[sobbing]
Kazuma!
-What?
-It's gone!
The super expensive booze
I was saving's gone. Vanished!
The only thing I was looking
forward to after my bath
was relaxing
and having a few sips.
But then,
when I got back to my room,
it was lying
on the floor, empty!
That's a bummer.
Okay, going back to bed now.
[AQUA]
Evil spirits did this!
I'm going to go through
this mansion room by room
and exorcize every
single ghost I find!
[yelling]
Hear that, ghosts?!
I'm coming for you!
[yawns]
[AQUA] Turn Undead!
Turn Undead!
Turn Undead! Turn Undead!
-Nature's Beauty!
-[water splatters]
Turn Undead! Turn Undead!
Turn Undead!
[hooting]
[groans]
I gotta pee.
-[thud]
-Uh?
[ominous music playing]
[screams]
Wait. I don't remember seeing
that doll before.
Holy crap!
I'm being stalked
by a possessed murder doll,
just like in the movies!
[whimpering]
[scratching]
-[thud]
-[yelps]
[whimpering]
[gasps]
[screaming]
Aqua! Aqua!
Oh my god, oh my god,
they're gonna kill me!
[dolls giggling]
Save me, Aqua!
Hurry, there's--
[raspy breath]
[BOTH scream]
[BOTH]
Uh?
Jesus, Megumin!
You scared me so bad,
I almost pissed myself!
S-speak for yourself,
why don't you?
What do you think you're doing
barging in here like a maniac!
Honestly, didn't you know
this was Aqua's room?
Yeah, I knew, so what are
you doing here?
Uh, I, um--
A-a bunch of dolls started
moving around in my room.
So I, uh,
I came to see
if Aqua would walk
with me down the hall.
You know, to stand guard
outside the bathroom.
[AQUA[
Copycat!
If Aqua ain't here,
then she's probably out
exorcizing ghosts.
Probably. I have a feeling
Darkness is with her, too.
[nervous chuckle]
That makes sense.
She is a crusader, after all--
Ow!
Hey, Megumin?
[wincing]
Do me a favor and turn around
and cover your ears for a bit.
I'm gonna go out
on the balcony and--
Okay, what's the big deal?
Come on, let go.
Seriously, I'm like two seconds
away from hosing down the room.
I'm not letting go of you.
Who knows what will happen
if you go out there alone?
And besides,
we're in the same party!
We stick together
wherever we go.
Even to the bathroom!
No, let me go!
The ally-rule don't apply
when a guy's gotta pee!
Urk! What happened to Crimson
Demons not using the bathroom?!
If you really gotta go, there's
an empty bottle right there!
Are you suggesting what I think
you're suggesting?!
That's the ickiest thing
I ever heard in my life!
All I'm trying to do
is protect you,
so stop fighting me!
I swear I'm not going
to peek.
I'll just stand guard
while you take care
of your business.
[squeaks]
[BOTH screaming]
[MEGUMIN]
KonoSuba!
[KAZUMA panting]]
[MEGUMIN]
A-are you still out there?
Yeah, I'm here.
[MEGUMIN] A-are you sure
you're still there?
I said I'm here!
[MEGUMIN]
But is that really you?!
H-how do I know
you're not a ghost!
Oh my god!
Would you hurry up,
or I'm gonna piss myself
to death
and come back and haunt you!
It's embarrassing
sitting here in all this quiet.
Could you sing something?
The louder, the better.
No way in hell
am I gonna stand out here
in the middle of the night
singing songs
outside the crapper!
[scratching]
[KAZUMA screams]
-[KAZUMA] Open up, open up!
-[MEGUMIN yelps]
Don't scare me like that!
I know, I know, you need to go,
but you'll just have to wait!
[KAZUMA]
This ain't about that anymore!
We got a bigger problem
than busted bladders out here!
Stop pounding
on the door already!
I can't go if you rush me!
Holy hell, they're coming!
Open up, dammit!
[screaming]
We're leaving!
[MEGUMIN] You pulled me
out of there half-naked!
Oh, stop your whining!
At least you got to go pee!
Like I've said before,
Crimson Demons do not go pee!
Yeah, whatever!
I gotta go so bad right now,
I'm ready to puke!
I thought that would happen,
so I brought this along.
-Want to use it now?
-Wh-why, you little--
[OWLS hooting]
[DOLLS giggling]
[whimpering]
Dammit! I can't hold it in,
and this vase ain't
gonna be big enough...
[MEGUMIN]
Darkness blacker than black.
Darker than dark.
Come unto me and combine
with my deep crimson.
Shut up, you idiot!
You wanna blow us up
with the dolls?!
[door thudding]
[thudding continues]
Crap, we'll have
to make a run for it!
When I open the door,
you haul ass, you got it?!
I'll use my Drain Touch on 'em,
and with a little luck,
I'll suck out their magic
and clear a path
out of here for us!
[grunts]
Bring it on,
you evil bitches!
Here we come!
And after I get
through with you,
I'll sic our goddess
on y'all!
[clang]
[BOTH]
Uh--
[groaning]
My goodness, Aqua!
Are you alright?!
-[DARKNESS] KonoSuba!
- [AQUA] Yay! Yay!
As thanks for getting rid
of those ghosts,
we have a special reward
for you.
You've done the town
a great service.
The Guild was
at their wits end,
because every time
someone tried
to exorcize that house,
more ghosts appeared.
Yeah, I heard,
but what's so special
about that place that
all the ghosts went there?
Well, it's not the house.
Actually, the issue
has something to do
with the graveyard.
Oh yeah,
it's right nearby.
Are we talking about
the same one we met Wiz at?
[LUNA]
It seems someone erected
a massive magical barrier
around it as a prank.
The spirits had nowhere to go
and since the house was empty,
they settled in there.
[BOTH gasp]
Excuse us for a sec!
[KAZUMA] If you know
what's going on, tell me. Now.
Uh, you, uh, remember
we promised Wiz
-I'd exorcize the graveyard?
-[KAZUMA] Yeah.
Well, doing that meant
I'd have to go out there
-every single night, you know?
-[KAZUMA] Yeah.
I thought it'd be way easier
to just block them
from gathering there
in the first place.
Then they'd get bored
waiting around and leave.
So I, you know, did...
[KAZUMA] We got paid
'cause this knucklehead
cleaned up a mess she made?!
I don't have to tell you
why we can't take
the reward for this,
-do I?
-Uh-uh.
[AQUA/KAZUMA]
KonoSuba!
I thought Aqua was pulling
our legs about you.
I had no idea she could do
stuff like that.
[WIZ]
Hello, Kazuma.
It's so gracious of you
to clean her headstone.
I heard the news.
It's great
the landlord's letting you stay!
Yeah, tell me about it,
especially after all the trouble
we caused him,
and the trouble
we caused you, too.
[WIZ] Well, in the end,
it turned out for the best,
for everyone.
Now that you're all here,
she won't be lonely.
[giggles]
No, she won't.
Hey, Anna? Please don't
cause us any more trouble.
[WIZ] Well, I should get back
to the shop now.
Give the others
my regards, won't you?
You got it.
Thanks for coming by!
[chuckles]
[AQUA]
Kazuma!
Lunch is ready,
so get washed up!
-Hurry!
-[KAZUMA grunts]
[AQUA] If it gets cold,
it's not my fault!
Finally, I had myself
the kind of life I wanted
since I first dropped
into this world.
Okie-dokie!
Be right there!
[DARKNES] Aqua. We need
more wood for the fireplace.
[AQUA] Oh. You can just toss
Kazuma's old tracksuit in there!
No!
Quit trying to burn
my tracksuit!
What did it ever do
to you?!
[DARKNESS] A knight
must not lose composure
over trivial things.
They must stand fast,
no matter how absurd
the situation.
Especially when faced
with obscene--